Added a new post (#17)
compusciencing/compusciencing.github.io: _posts/2019-02-15-web-simulator.md

---
layout: post
title: "Web Simulator for Nybble"
categories: ["Missouri State University"]

> tags: ["CSC596", "JavaScript"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: ["csc596", "JavaScript"]
```

author: "Saket Roy"
---

> Working with Dr. Anthony Clark, I am working on building a web simulator for the Nybble, an open-source robotic kitten. The simulator will be written in TypeScript, using the HyperApp Framework and bundled through Parcel. Furthermore, I will be using the three.js 3D library and the cannon.js physics engine to render the simulation. All of the development is front-end with no server-side scripting, and the website will be hosted on github.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Dr. Anthony Clark, I am working on building a web simulator for the Nybble, an open-source robotic kitten. I am writing the simulator in TypeScript, using the HyperApp Framework and Parcel. I will use the Three.js 3D library and the Cannon.js physics engine to render the simulation. All the development is front-end with no server-side scripting, and the website will be hosted on github.io
```

You also need to add links to Nybble, TypeScript, HyperApp, Parcel, Threejs, Cannon.js, and GitHub pages.

> The simulator will have numerous features - input and update parameters such as arm length for robot, render obstacles in the Nybble’s path, buttons to start/stop simulation etc. This will be achieved using query parameters, and the aim is to simulate the movements of the Nybble robot with variable body dimensions, and also its ability to maintain its path even if there are numerous obstacles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simulator will have numerous features, including: input and update functionality for parameters such as robot arm length, configurable obstacles in the Nybble’s path, and buttons to start/stop simulation. I will achieve this using URL query parameters. The aim is to simulate the movements of the Nybble robot with variable body dimensions, and also its ability to maintain its path even if there are numerous obstacles.
```

> As previously established with Dr. Clark, we intend to meet every Tuesday at 11:30 AM. In the meeting, we discuss about progress over the week, issues faced, any possible queries, and expectations for the next week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously established with Dr. Clark, we intend to meet every Tuesday at 11:30 AM. In the meeting, we will discuss progress over the week, issues faced, any possible queries, and expectations for the next week.
```
